# CS-370
Current / Emerging Trends in CS
In this project, I worked on creating code to train an AI to traverse through a maze and reach the treasure at the end of the map. To do so, I was given code that created the grid and the base for the AI movement. The code I had to complete was the Q-training block. The code I created consisted of setting the AI state at the beginning of training, move the AI, record the results in memory, and determine when trainig is over.

Connecting what I learned in this course to the larger field of computer science, I can see how using AI as a tool to assist in developing software and hardware can be very useful. From my experience with coding up to this point, it can be time consuming to create programs, with more experienced programmers being able to use code mroe efficiently in a way that less code creates the same functionality. AI can help beginner programmers to create more efficient code or more experienced programmers to possibly see new approaches to coding. As a computer scientist I approach a problem thinking in the form of systems and processes. I try to compartimentalize the problem into components including objects and actions, and then use those components to create code to address the problem. Working with end users and organizations, my ethical responsibilities include safe guarding their private information and ensuring that any code complies with government safety regulations that protect both the company and the user. This includes using encryption for communication and data transfers, and being transperant with users of what data is being used or collected.
